Update schema.md (#4749)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/warehouses/schema.md

`received_at` is UTC timestamp set by the Segment API when the API receives the payload from client or server. All tables use `received_at` for the sort key.

> info ""
> We recommend using the `received_at` timestamp for all queries based on time. The reason for this is two-fold. First, the `sent_at` timestamp relies on a client's device clock being accurate, which is generally unreliable. Secondly, we set `received_at` as the sort key in Redshift schemas, which means queries will execute much faster when using `received_at`. You can continue to use `timestamp` or `sent_at` timestamps in queries if `received_at` doesn't work for your analysis, but the queries will take longer to complete. 

> 

Reviewer: If you intend to add a blank line between sentences in a note, you must start the blank line with `>`.

```suggestion
>
```

> > For Business Tier customers, we suggest enabling `received_at` in the Selective Sync settings to ensure the syncs and backfills complete successfully. 

Reviewer: We're moving away from the use of "we" in our docs - instead please use "Segment".
```suggestion
> For Business Tier customers, Segment suggests enabling `received_at` in the Selective Sync settings to ensure syncs and backfills complete successfully. 
```
